FOUNDRY VIRTUAL TABLETOP END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
Updated February 17, 2021
This license agreement applies to Foundry Virtual Tabletop, also referred to as "software", "the software", or "this software".

As a software license owner, you are granted permission to install and use the software if you agree to all of the following terms:

You may install and activate the software on one or more computers, but only one hosted instance of the software may be accessible to users other than the license owner at any given time. Hosting multiple accessible instances of the software is permitted by owning a corresponding number of software licenses.
You may create backup copies of the software for personal archival purposes but you may not distribute those copies.
You may not lease or sell the software or its license for direct or indirect financial gain. You may accept payment in exchange for services related to the software, for example running game sessions or providing technical support.
You may share the software and its license key with a friend or family member provided the other terms of the license are upheld.
You may, within 30 days of purchase, permanently transfer your license to another party who will become bound by this agreement. To transfer your license you must use the provided form on the Foundry Virtual Tabletop website. After transfer of your license you may not retain any copies of the software unless you own a valid license.
You may, within 30 days of purchase, request to return a purchased license in exchange for a full refund.
You may retain ownership to any personal data created within the software, even if you relinquish or transfer your license to the software. You bear the sole responsibility to uphold any user agreements, licensing terms, or terms of service related to that content.
If you do not agree to the terms of this license you must remove all copies of the software from your computer and contact admin@foundryvtt.com to cancel your license and receive a refund, if eligible.

This software is protected by the copyright laws of the United States and other countries. Foundry Gaming LLC retains all intellectual property rights in the software. You may not separately sell, market, distribute, lend, lease, rent, or sublicense the software including its license key. You may not separately publish any portions of the software except under the provisions outlined in the following section regarding authorized module development. This license is not to be construed as prohibiting or limiting any fair use sanctioned by copyright law.

LIMITED LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR MODULE DEVELOPMENT
As a software license owner, you are granted license to develop software packages which extend the functionality of the software if you agree to all of the following terms:

You may create packages, which include game systems, add-on modules, and worlds which reference or duplicate portions of the software code. Publication of packages which reference or include software code and function in the absence of the base software is not permitted. Including portions of software code is only permitted as is strictly necessary for proper functioning of the package.
You may distribute these packages provided they are designed to be used only in conjunction with a licensed copy of the software.
You are allowed to sell or lease package content which you have the rights to distribute. You bear the sole responsibility to uphold intellectual property rights as required by copyright law.
The publication of package content is bound by the terms of the most recent available version of this agreement found on the Foundry Virtual Tabletop website. Any modifications of this policy shall not retroactively alter or revoke the rights given under the previous limited license. When you publish changes to an existing package, it becomes bound by the most recent terms of this agreement.
If you do not agree to the terms of this license, you may not publish package content. Any existing packages that were created under a previous version of this agreement may remain published provided they adhere to the license terms under which they were published.

LIMITED WARRANTY
We warrant that purchased copies of the software will provide the features and functions generally described in the product specifications on the Foundry Virtual Tabletop website at the time of purchase. We have taken reasonable steps to keep the software free of viruses, spyware, back-door entrances, or any other harmful code.

When requesting to install updates to the software, your license key, host location, and acceptance of this agreement will be recorded in order to verify your authorization to obtain software updates. Apart from this case, the software will not track or collect any information about you, your data, or your usage of the software.

The software will not download or install patches, upgrades, or any third party software without first obtaining your permission. We will not intentionally deprive you of your ability to use any features of the software or access your data. We do not warrant that the software, or your ability to use it, will be uninterrupted or error-free.

Your exclusive remedy under the above limited warranty is the right to request a full refund of the purchase price of the software within 30 days of your original purchase.

GENERAL PROVISIONS
If any part of this agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms will stay in effect. This agreement does not prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer. Modification of this agreement is not permitted unless accepted in writing or by digital signature of both parties. This agreement applies from the date that such acceptance is provided by the license owner.

This Agreement shall be governed under the laws of the United States of America and the State of Washington.